WORST-CASE REGIME: WHERE DOES INCREMENTALH1'S SPEEDUP ACTUALLY FAIL?
All real data (per CLAUDE.md's real-data-only benchmark policy -- no
synthetic/pathological point clouds constructed for this). Two axes probed:
window size (does raw growth eventually favor the naive engine?) and push
order (does the reported speedup depend on a convenient default ordering?).
Both were already partially explored elsewhere in this repo; this
consolidates them into one direct answer plus extends the window-size axis
with new real-data points.

AXIS 1: WINDOW SIZE (extends bench/data/scaling_results.txt).
Melbourne daily-temperature real series, raw speedup vs. window size:
  windowSize=80:   1.71x
  windowSize=120:  1.53x
  windowSize=160:  1.36x
  windowSize=200:  1.14x  (NEW, this run)
  windowSize=220:  1.10x  (NEW, this run)
  windowSize=250:  did not finish within 44s on this sandbox (NEW finding --
    the naive/incremental gap in per-trial cost is itself growing large
    enough at this size that even a single-trial probe becomes impractical
    to run quickly, independent of which engine "wins")

The decline is monotonic and real (80->220: 1.71x->1.10x), but on this
dataset, real data never actually crossed below 1.0x in the range that
remained tractable to measure (up to windowSize=220 in a single sandboxed
run). Extrapolating the visible decay, a crossover to <1x plausibly sits
just past 220-250, but that is an extrapolation, not a measurement -- stated
honestly rather than rounded up to a claimed crossover point.

AXIS 2: PUSH ORDER (from bench/data/order_sensitivity_results.txt, this
session's earlier order-sensitivity sweep -- see that file for full detail).
This axis DID produce a real, measured, statistically significant sub-1x
result: UCI Wine under 12 random push-orderings had a geometric mean speedup
of 0.846x (95% CI 0.724x-0.989x, entirely below 1x, t=-2.351) -- IncrementalH1
was RELIABLY SLOWER than the naive baseline on real data, once the
dataset's convenient default (non-random) ordering was removed. Iris,
Sonar, and Jazz also had point estimates at or below 1x under randomization
(0.99x, 0.83x, 1.07x respectively) though not statistically distinguishable
from 1x at n=12 orderings.

HONEST CONCLUSION. The worst-case regime this repo can actually point to
with real, measured evidence is NOT "very large window size" (that decline
is real but stayed above 1x in the ranges tractable to measure here) -- it
is "push order without the dataset's convenient default structure", where
Wine already crosses below 1x with statistical significance. This matters
for anyone deciding whether to use IncrementalH1 in a genuine online
deployment: the speedup figures in README.md's Benchmarks table describe a
best case (favorable, often class/structure-sorted ordering) more than a
guaranteed one, and a real streaming deployment -- where points arrive in
whatever order the world produces them, not pre-sorted by class -- should
expect results closer to the order-randomized numbers than the
default-order headline ones.
